Notes for all treatment data sheets

There are sometimes extra moults between L5 and L6 (sometimes two), and after L6. 
The amount of columns made for each treatment, though mostly blank, reflects this. 
The difference between the “L5 extra moult” and “post L6 moult” is determined subjectively by looking at head cap size, 
larva size, and larva colouration at the time of moult. 
Skipped instars have the particular column/row filled in in pink and there will be no dates or times.
Second diapause larvae’s remaining row once they’ve stopped moulting is coloured in in purple (and there are no more dates or times).
If data was missed (not written down) for a certain instar they are coloured in in pale yellow. SOmetimes there are dates but no times, and those are also yellow.
Dead are marked in gray and usually have a date ( extras (cups 201-250) deaths are not dated in the 15, 20, 25 degree, 
and in some treatments, death date was lost if the data was not collected properly (lost lid etc)).

Some cups didn’t do “prescribed time for that particular L stage” due to improper diagnosis of skippers or extra moults 
at the time of moult or they were left in treatment too long or taken up too early by accident (marked in green).

If a bug died or molted in treatment, only the first half of the L stage time will be filled in, the molt date and the time into treatment. 
The date and time out never occurred and become either a death date, or a new molt date in the next column.

Cup numbers not painted were deleted from the dataset. It will be noted below if the whole treatment was not painted.


IPU_5_F1

L3s all brought up and sent back down as an experiment to see if they would molt in treatment, so we essentially spiked 
them and then put them back down, and most of them did molt in treat. The one's marked red still 
didn't moult in treat so were brought up AGAIN on 12-18, which is not noted in the data (only moult to L4 is noted). Several cups did an extra day (blue), 
several did a week and a few days extra (pink), and a few molted in treatment that were not supposed to like the L4's (green). One had a date marked wrong and so
also didn't do prescribed time (army green). 

IPU_10_F1

This treatment changed the days for the length of time the L stages were in treatment versus IPU_F0, but this didn't mess up the treatment in any way

IPU_15_F1

no mistakes of note

IPU_20_F1

no mistakes of note

IPU_25_F1

no mistakes of note

there is no 30 or 35, all larvae died.