Notes for all treatment data sheets

There are sometimes extra moults between L5 and L6 (sometimes two), and after L6. 
The amount of columns made for each treatment, though mostly blank, reflects this. 
The difference between the “L5 extra moult” and “post L6 moult” is determined subjectively by looking at head cap size, 
larva size, and larva colouration at the time of moult. 
Skipped instars have the particular column/row filled in in pink and there will be no dates or times.
Second diapause larvae’s remaining row once they’ve stopped moulting is coloured in in purple (and there are no more dates or times).
If data was missed (not written down) for a certain instar they are coloured in in pale yellow. SOmetimes there are dates but no times, and those are also yellow.
Dead are marked in gray and usually have a date ( extras (cups 201-250) deaths are not dated in the 15, 20, 25 degree, 
and in some treatments, death date was lost if the data was not collected properly (lost lid etc)).

Some cups didn’t do “prescribed time for that particular L stage” due to improper diagnosis of skippers or extra moults 
at the time of moult or they were left in treatment too long or taken up too early by accident (marked in green).

If a bug died or molted in treatment, only the first half of the L stage time will be filled in, the molt date and the time into treatment. 
The date and time out never occurred and become either a death date, or a new molt date in the next column.

Cup numbers not painted were deleted from the dataset. It will be noted below if the whole treatment was not painted.

NB2_5_F2

A couple cups not painted, but nothing else of note.

NB2_10_F2

Nothing of note.

NB2_15_F2

Nothing of note.

NB2_20_F2

Nothing of note.

NB2_25_F2

Nothing of note

NB2_30_F2

Only 1 tray painted due to low emergence- picked randomly. Cups not painted are deleted from dataset. 41 useable.

NB2_35_F2

Larvae did not make it through diapaise--no data.